Documentation:
This script tries to replicate the old CMISS example of 10% uniaxial extension of a unit cube with fibres (30 degrees)


0. Initialise OpenCMISS 
Set error handling as TRAP_ERROR, and turn all levels of diagnostic testing on. 

1. Coordinate system
RC

2. Region. 

3. Basis functions
Use quadratic lagrange for pressure interpolation (because of volumetric locking) and cubic hermite for geometry. 

4. Mesh
generate linear and cubic mesh components. Use linear to interpolate pressure, and cubic to interpolate geometry. 

5. Decomposition 
standard.

6. Fibre field
For a transversely isotropic material, there is only one fibre component. This is set to be at 30 degrees to the xi1 direction. 30 degrees is given in radians. For a homogeneous fibre field distribution, we can set the interpolation type to be constant within the element. If however we wished to specify the angle at each node then we can use the code in this script to find all the nodes of a particular mesh component. The enumerate function is useful in that it gives the index as well as the value of the array, this allows us to set the three components of the fibre field in a single for loop. The second argument in the enumerate function indicates that the index should start at 1 (as opposed to 0).

7. Material field
use the exponential transverse isotropic constitutive law. There are 5 coefficients, and they are set as the same as found in the old CMISS example. 

8. Dependent field
The dependent field is set up and initialised using the undeformed geometric field. The hydrostatic pressure is set to an initial guessof -14.0

9. Equation set
Use the transverse isotropic exponential equation sets. 

10. Problem. 
Standard. When getting control loops for the problem solvers, we must specify an array of control loop identifiers for each loop required. 

11. Solvers
Nonlinear solver with linear component. 

12. Boundary conditions
Same boundary conditions as TriCubicExtesion example. 

13. Solve

14. Export
Group the dependent field into a field called deformedField, this deformedField has type Geometric, instead of geometric_general. 

Control loop

